That's it, the meeting is adjourned
Xiaojuan always brings you rice
Isn't Miss Chen Lin a message from Mr. Wang?
He will always come in person to deliver meals to Mr. Xiaojiang
Introduce
This is my girlfriend.
What car?
You paid you 1,000 yuan and never refunded it.
There we go.
I love you too.
Then Aiyu and I will leave first
Unexpectedly, Mr. Wang is quite amazing
After Mr. Jiang hid his wealth
Quickly dedicated his prostitute to Mr. Xiao Jiang
Who says it's not?
If it weren't for his old housing instructions, he would have killed himself
What the hell are you two talking about me?
Don't come
I dare not
I can give you another chance.
If done well
Can be promoted
raise
Thank you. Thank you, Mrs. Wang.
Ah, the translator will make you a fried rice.
Sprained hand
Ask Me
Xiao Jiang
You shouldn't still be your 13-year-old child, right?
I just sprained someone's hand
As a result, he turned his face and was no longer human
Okay, stop it.
I can't do it anymore.
It's unbelievable
The encounter in front of you
The same person as at the cemetery